docs: enhance docs about using `APP_INITIALIZER` with NGXS (#1372)
ngxs/store: docs/advanced/life-cycle.md

```ts
@Injectable({ providedIn: 'root' })
export class ConfigService {
  private version: string | null = null;

  constructor(private http: HttpClient) {}

  loadVersion(): Observable<string> {
    return this.http.get<string>('/api/version').pipe(
      tap(version => {
        this.version = version;
      })
    );
  }

  getVersion(): never | string {
    if (this.version === null) {
      throw new Error('"version" is not available yet!');
    }

    return this.version;
  }
}

@State<string | null>({
  name: 'version',
  defaults: null
})
export class VersionState implements NgxsOnInit {
  constructor(private configService: ConfigService) {}

  ngxsOnInit(ctx: StateContext<string | null>) {
    ctx.setState(this.configService.getVersion());
  }
}

export function appInitializerFactory(configService: ConfigService) {
  return () => configService.loadVersion().toPromise();
}

@NgModule({
  imports: [NgxsModule.forRoot([VersionState])],
  providers: [
    {
      provide: APP_INITIALIZER,
      useFactory: appInitializerFactory,
      multi: true,
      deps: [ConfigService]
    }
  ]
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> The above example is used only for demonstrating purposes! This code will throw an error because the `getVersion` method is invoked before the `version` property is set. Why? Because `ngxsOnInit` methods on states are invoked earlier!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example is used only for demonstration purposes! This code will throw an error because the `getVersion` method is invoked before the `version` property is set. Why? Because the `ngxsOnInit` methods on states are invoked before the `APP_INITIALIZER` is invoked!
```

```ts
@State<string | null>({
  name: 'version',
  defaults: null
})
export class VersionState implements NgxsAfterBootstrap {
  constructor(private configService: ConfigService) {}

  ngxsAfterBootstrap(ctx: StateContext<string | null>) {
    ctx.setState(this.configService.getVersion());
  }
}
```

The second solution would be dispatching some `SetVersion` action right after the version is fetched:

```ts
export class SetVersion {
  static readonly type = '[Version] Set version';
  constructor(public version: string) {}
}

@State<string | null>({
  name: 'version',
  defaults: null
})
export class VersionState {
  @Action(SetVersion)
  setVersion(ctx: StateContext<string | null>, action: SetVersion): void {
    ctx.setState(action.version);
  }
}

@Injectable({ providedIn: 'root' })
export class ConfigService {
  constructor(private http: HttpClient, private store: Store) {}

  loadVersion() {
    return this.http.get<string>('/api/version').pipe(
      tap(version => {
        this.store.dispatch(new SetVersion(version));
      })
    );
  }
}
```

### Summary

> Eventually do not try to access any data in state constructors or `ngxsOnInit` methods that is fetched during `APP_INITIALIZER` stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In conclusion, do not try to access any data in state constructors or `ngxsOnInit` methods that is fetched during the `APP_INITIALIZER` stage.
```
